[WIP] v6 Docs Dev (jschalz) (#2025)
loft-sh/devspace: docs/pages/configuration/images/build-engines/custom.mdx

>         # Also works on windows as this is executed in a golang shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Also works on windows, as this is executed in a golang shell
```

        docker build -t ${runtime.images.backend.image}:${runtime.images.backend.tag} . -f custom/Dockerfile
```
**Explanation:**
The image `backend` would be built using the command `docker build -t ${runtime.images.backend.image}:${runtime.images.backend.tag} . -f custom/Dockerfile"` while `${runtime.images.backend.image}` would be replaced with the `image` option (in this case: `john/appbackend`) and `${runtime.images.backend.tag}` would be replaced with the tag generated according to the [tagging schema](../../images/image-definition/tags.mdx).

### `onChange`

> The `onChange` option expects an array of strings which represent paths to files or folders that should be watched for changes. DevSpace uses these paths and the hash values it stores about these paths for evaluating if an image should be rebuilt or if the image building can be skipped because the context of the image has not changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `onChange` option expects an array of strings which represent paths to files or folders that should be watched for changes. DevSpace uses these paths, and the hash values it stores about these paths, to evaluate if an image should be rebuilt, or if the image building can be skipped because the context of the image has not changed.
```

      - some/path/
      - another/path/file.txt
```
**Explanation:**

> The image `backend` would be built using the command `./build --image "[IMAGE]:[TAG]"` and DevSpace would skip the build if none of the files within `some/path/` nor the file `another/path/file.txt` has changed since the last build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image `backend` is built using the command `./build --image "[IMAGE]:[TAG]"`, and DevSpace skips the build if none of the files within `some/path/`, nor the file `another/path/file.txt`, has changed since the last build.
```
